# **Reflection**

## **Problem-Solving**
We continued with our Ed+Tech website from the midterm for our final project. While we felt that the site is going in a favorable direction based on previous user testing and feedback, we decided to extend the main content and technical functionalities it needs in order to be categorized as a working prototype. We wanted to incorporate Riot.js and Firebase to our site to make the coding scalable (we had a lot of "template" components) and to store user inputs, which is crucial for the Community Forum. The main problems we encountered throughout the design process were the debugging procedures we had to do when Riot.js and Firebase did not work as we had intended. The Riot.js problems came about because we had many nested tags and for some reasons, they did not work with Materialize CSS and JS files. Since there were not many documentation and forum discussion about this particular problem, we had to do trial and error in JSFiddle until we we gave up and asked Jeanny for help. It turned out that there was actually an additional Riot.js code that we had to enter to override Materialize. Since this was pretty buggy, we decided to use Riot.js just in our homepage. But then we found out that our filter dropdowns did not work as they should with Riot.js so we had to create another version where we returned back to the original files without Riot.js. The Firebase problem was a bit quicker to solve once we decided to simplify our needs (based on our experience with Riot debugging) to using a single login to the site using Google and take out the other options we had in the Login form. We wanted to use Firebase in the main Forum page for users to be able to add and new discussion threads and delete existing ones. However, since Riot.js had conflict with our other subpages we had less time to figure out the code in HTML so we just sticked with the login.

## **Future Project**
Evelina will use this website as her Integrative Project for her graduation requirement next semester. We think this project should be continued as it can solve the problem with teacher training in edtech, which is a need in the current educational landscape with so many technology initiatives happening all around the country. In the future, we want to successfully incorporate Riot.js and Firebase to all the site components so it would be easier for users to crowdsource content and communicate in the Forum. We want to build a more user-friendly and “smarter” filtering system for the App and PD Finder pages so users can quickly find the resources they are interested in. Lastly, we also want to make our website responsive so our users can access it anytime and anywhere they want through their mobile devices.
