# **Reflection**

## **Problem-Solving**
We admit that we were too idealistic when we decided that we want to build a one-stop resource portal for all topics related to educational technology. Afterwards during the Ideation stage of the design thinking process, we were overwhelmed by the scope of the databases we need to create and quickly changed our take on the solution. We chose to focus on perfecting the simplest filtering system that can demonstrate the functionalities we have in mind and implement that on the sub-page that is our priority for now--the App Finder page. The main struggles we had were figuring out how the JQuery show and hide functions should work and writing out the correct structure for the necessary HTML code in the dropdown filters. There were a lot of trial and error involved in testing a simple code in JSFiddle before applying it to our website. We also tried to implement Riot.js in our code to build the App Cards but we got some bug in the filtering system afterwards. Thus, we decided to leave Riot for now and prioritize to complete the filter system.

## **Future Project**
We believe that our website can be a fully functional one even though we are only given one semester as a time constraint. Part of the reasons is because we want to use it as our Integrative Project for our graduation requirement next semester. Another part is because we are passionate about solving the problem as it is a need in current educational landscape with so many technology initiatives happening in schools across the country. In order to do this, we decided to prioritize quality over quantity. Since our website relies heavily on similar-looking content, we think that once we have a working site structure and databases, it will be easy to add as many content as we want in the future. For the final project, we want to focus on the Javascript, JQuery and RiotJS codes to build a more user-friendly and “smarter” filtering system for the App and PD Finder pages. We want to incorporate Firebase so that we can store users’ inputs for the Community Forum pages to actually work. We want to explore and expand on the capabilities of Materialize framework and JQuery to improve the site’s navigation and interaction design. Finally, we will also try our best to make our website a responsive one so our target users can access it anytime and anywhere they want through their mobile devices.
